mkhomedir_helper: add page (#10571)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/mkhomedir_helper.md

# mkhomedir_helper

> > Create the user home folder after creating the user.
> > More information: <https://manned.org/mkhomedir_helper>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Create the user's home directory after creating the user.
> More information: <https://manned.org/mkhomedir_helper>.
```

> - Create a home folder for a user based on /etc/skel with umask 022:
> 
> `sudo mkhomedir_helper {{user_name}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a home directory for a user based on `/etc/skel` with umask 022:

`sudo mkhomedir_helper {{username}}`
```

> - Create a home folder for a user based on /etc/skel with all permissions for owner (0) and read permission for group (3):
> 
> `sudo mkhomedir_helper {{user_name}} {{037}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a home directory for a user based on `/etc/skel` with all permissions for owner (0) and read permission for group (3):

`sudo mkhomedir_helper {{username}} {{037}}`
```

# mkhomedir_helper

> Create the user home folder after creating the user.

> > More information: <https://manned.org/mkhomedir_helper.8>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/mkhomedir_helper>.
```
